## Narcissistic K-attribute Stable Matching

This new application of the NNC algorithm deals with a variant of the StableMatching problem, in more restricted settings, that is based on 3 models:
- the k-attribute model
- the Narcissistic Stable Matching, and
- the Symmetric Stable Matching

Thek-attribute  model is  motivated  by  on-line  dating  sites  that  ask  manyquestions to compile extensive phychological profiles for each person.  Some of these questions attempt to value a person in terms of some k characteristics,such as athleticism, intelligence, salary etc.  Accordingly, the k-attribute model is defined by associating the men with points in R^k.  Each woman’s ranking of the men is defined by a linear function of these attributes, where each woman can have different weights for each attributes, and her preference list is deter-mined by projecting the men’s points onto some line.  Men’s preferences are defined analogously.  The combination of attribute values and weights implicitly represents the entire preference matrix, on which the NNC will be applied. Solving  the  Stable  Matching  problem  has  many  applications,  such  as  pairing up students to accomplish a homework project or users in a P2P file sharing network, assigning co-workers to two-person offices, partitioning players in two-player games or even finding receiver-donor pairs for organ transplants.  In such situations, the students, the people, or the players, which we jointly referto as agents, typically have certain structually restricted preferences on which other agents might be their best partners.  For instance, when assigning room-mates, each agent may have an ideal room temperature and ay prefer to be with another agent with the same penchant.  Deriving from a simple phychological model,  it  seems  natural  to  assume  that  each  agent  is narcissistic,  meaningthat he/she is his/her own ideal and, thus, most preferred alternative in a pairmatching.  We note that although in our Stable Matching problem, an agent cannot be matched to itself, it may still make sense to include an agent $x$ in its preference list, for example when $x$ represents someone which is very close toits ideal.
